So inside of javascript's you're allowed to pass in fewer parameters than you formally defined or you
can pass in more parameters than you formally defined in the previous videos we talked about how we
could pass in fewer parameters than we formally defined and it would be perfectly OK because we could
have default values for any parameter that wasn't passed then even though we formally defined it.
But we haven't really talked about how we could deal with passing in extra parameters that is passing
in more parameters than we formally defined.
Now I have some code right here.
And essentially this comes from the underscore jast library and its job is pretty simple what you do
is you take an object that gets passed then and you create sort of a copy of it.
Now the problem with this in javascript is that it's not all that obvious that this function can handle
more than one parameter but essentially its job is to return a copy with a subset of properties of that
object.
So in this case we have a book object.
And then after that we invoke a function.
And in this case we pass an object first and then we pass on some extra parameters.
Because like I said inside of javascript you don't have to just pass in the formally defined parameters.
You can pass in more parameters or you can pass in even less.
So in this case we create an empty object and then after that we loop through it and then what we can
do before 6 is used the arguments objects kick to kind of deal with these extra parameters that get
passed them and use them as we need to.
So in this case we loop through this total number of arguments that actually get passed in and then
for every single argument inside of here we assign it to the new object as a property of this new object.
And then all we do is return it.
So it's pretty simple.
However like I said before it's not very obvious that we're allowed to work with extra parameters or
better said that this function can handle extra parameters.
And on top of that if we're working with extra parameters but we know that this is not an extra parameter
it's formally defined in order to work with extra parameters by using the arguments object we would
have to start one higher than we originally would.
So we couldn't start at the zero index.
Instead we would have to start at the one index and that's exactly why I use arguments length here instead
of starting at arguments length minus one or starting at zero like you would typically expect someone
to do.
Because this first parameter is OK.
Now obviously that's not that big of a deal.
But the problem is it gives me one more thing that I have to think about when I use this function.
And as we already learned the more things that we have to think about whenever we're writing a program
the more difficult it becomes and the more prone we are to creating errors in our programs.